---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "exoscale_compute_instance Data Source - terraform-provider-exoscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetch Exoscale Compute Instances https://community.exoscale.com/documentation/compute/ data.
  Corresponding resource: exoscalecomputeinstance ../resources/compute_instance.md.
---

# exoscale_compute_instance (Data Source)

Fetch Exoscale [Compute Instances](https://community.exoscale.com/documentation/compute/) data.

Corresponding resource: [exoscale_compute_instance](../resources/compute_instance.md).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "exoscale_compute_instance" "my_instance" {
  zone = "ch-gva-2"
  name = "my-instance"
}

output "my_instance_id" {
  value = data.exoscale_compute_instance.my_instance.id
}
```

Please refer to the [examples](https://github.com/exoscale/terraform-provider-exoscale/tree/master/examples/)
directory for complete configuration examples.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `zone` (String) The Exoscale [Zone](https://www.exoscale.com/datacenters/) name.

### Optional

- `anti_affinity_group_ids` (Set of String) The list of attached [exoscale_anti_affinity_group](../resources/anti_affinity_group.md) (IDs).
- `id` (String) The compute instance ID to match (conflicts with `name`).
- `labels` (Map of String) A map of key/value labels.
- `name` (String) The instance name to match (conflicts with `id`).

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The compute instance creation date.
- `deploy_target_id` (String) A deploy target ID.
- `disk_size` (Number) The instance disk size (GiB).
- `elastic_ip_ids` (Set of String) The list of attached [exoscale_elastic_ip](../resources/elastic_ip.md) (IDs).
- `ipv6` (Boolean) Whether IPv6 is enabled on the instance.
- `ipv6_address` (String) The instance (main network interface) IPv6 address (if enabled).
- `manager_id` (String) The instance manager ID, if any.
- `manager_type` (String) The instance manager type (instance pool, SKS node pool, etc.), if any.
- `private_network_ids` (Set of String) The list of attached [exoscale_private_network](../resources/private_network.md) (IDs).
- `public_ip_address` (String) The instance (main network interface) IPv4 address.
- `reverse_dns` (String) Domain name for reverse DNS record.
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The list of attached [exoscale_security_group](../resources/security_group.md) (IDs).
- `ssh_key` (String) The [exoscale_ssh_key](../resources/ssh_key.md) (name) authorized on the instance.
- `state` (String) The instance state.
- `template_id` (String) The instance [exoscale_compute_template](./compute_template.md) ID.
- `type` (String) The instance type.
- `user_data` (String) The instance [cloud-init](http://cloudinit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) configuration.


