---
page_title: "exoscale_compute Resource - terraform-provider-exoscale"
subcategory: "Deprecated"
description: |-
  Manage Exoscale Compute Instances.
---

# exoscale_compute (Resource)

!> **WARNING:** This resource is **DEPRECATED** and will be removed in the next major version. Please use [exoscale_compute_instance](./compute_instance.md) instead (or refer to the ad-hoc [migration guide](../guides/migration-of-compute.md))..

Manage Exoscale Compute Instances.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `disk_size` (Number) The instance disk size (GiB; at least `10`).
- `zone` (String) ❗ The Exoscale Zone name.

### Optional

- `affinity_group_ids` (Set of String) ❗ A list of anti-affinity groups (IDs; at creation time only; conflicts with `affinity_groups`).
- `affinity_groups` (Set of String) ❗ A list of anti-affinity groups (names; at creation time only; conflicts with `affinity_group_ids`).
- `display_name` (String) The displayed instance name. Note: if the `hostname` attribute is not set, this attribute is also used to set the OS' *hostname* during creation, so the value must contain only alphanumeric and hyphen (" - ") characters; it can be changed to any character during a later update. If neither `display_name` or `hostname` attributes are set, a random value will be generated automatically.
- `hostname` (String) The instance hostname, must contain only alphanumeric and hyphen (`-`) characters. If neither `display_name` or `hostname` attributes are set, a random value will be generated automatically. Note: updating this attribute's value requires to reboot the instance.
- `ip4` (Boolean) Request an IPv4 address on the default NIC
- `ip6` (Boolean) Request an IPv6 address on the default NIC
- `key_pair` (String) ❗ The SSH keypair (name) to authorize in the instance.
- `keyboard` (String) The keyboard layout configuration (`de`, `de-ch`, `es`, `fi`, `fr`, `fr-be`, `fr-ch`, `is`, `it`, `jp`, `nl-be`, `no`, `pt`, `uk`, `us`; at creation time only).
- `reverse_dns` (String) The instance reverse DNS record (must end with a `.`; e.g: `my-instance.example.net.`).
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) A list of security groups (IDs; conflicts with `security_groups`).
- `security_groups` (Set of String) A list of security groups (names; conflicts with `security_group_ids`).
- `size` (String) The instance size (`Tiny`, `Small`, `Medium`, `Large`, etc.)
- `state` (String) The instance state (`Running` or `Stopped`; default: `Running`)
- `tags` (Map of String) Map of tags (key/value). To remove all tags, set `tags = {}`.
- `template` (String) ❗ The compute instance template (name). Only *featured* templates are available, if you want to reference *custom templates* use the `template_id` attribute instead.
- `template_id` (String) ❗ The compute instance template (ID). Usage of the `exoscale_compute_template` data source is recommended.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `user_data` (String) cloud-init configuration (no need to base64-encode or gzip it as the provider will take care of it).

### Read-Only

- `gateway` (String)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `ip6_address` (String) The instance (main network interface) IPv6 address (if enabled).
- `ip6_cidr` (String)
- `ip_address` (String) The instance (main network interface) IPv4 address.
- `name` (String, Deprecated) The instance hostname. Please use the `hostname` argument instead.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The instance initial password and/or encrypted password.
- `user_data_base64` (Boolean) was the cloud-init configuration base64 encoded
- `username` (String, Deprecated) The user to use to connect to the instance. If you've referenced a *custom template* in the resource, use the `exoscale_compute_template` data source `username` attribute instead.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)

-> The symbol ❗ in an attribute indicates that modifying it, will force the creation of a new resource.


