---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "exoscale_iam_org_policy Resource - terraform-provider-exoscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage Exoscale IAM https://community.exoscale.com/documentation/iam/ Organization Policy.
  IAM Organization Policy is persistent resource that can only be updated, thus terraform lifecycle is different:
  create executes update and saves the result in the terraform state;delete only removes resource from terraform state.
---

# exoscale_iam_org_policy (Resource)

Manage Exoscale [IAM](https://community.exoscale.com/documentation/iam/) Organization Policy.

IAM Organization Policy is persistent resource that can only be updated, thus terraform lifecycle is different:

- create executes update and saves the result in the terraform state;
- delete only removes resource from terraform state.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `default_service_strategy` (String) Default service strategy (`allow` or `deny`).
- `services` (Attributes Map) IAM policy services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--services))
- `zone` (String) The Exoscale [Zone](https://www.exoscale.com/datacenters/) name.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `services`

Optional:

- `rules` (Attributes List) List of IAM service rules (if type is `rules`). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--services--rules))
- `type` (String) Service type (`rules`, `allow`, or `deny`).

<a id="nestedatt--services--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `services.rules`

Optional:

- `action` (String) IAM policy rule action (`allow` or `deny`).
- `expression` (String) IAM policy rule expression.
- `resources` (List of String) List of resources that IAM policy rule applies to.



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.

-> The symbol ❗ in an attribute indicates that modifying it, will force the creation of a new resource.


