---
page_title: "exoscale_ipaddress Resource - terraform-provider-exoscale"
subcategory: "Deprecated"
description: |-
  Manage Exoscale Elastic IPs (EIP).
---

# exoscale_ipaddress (Resource)

!> **WARNING:** This resource is **DEPRECATED** and will be removed in the next major version. Please use [exoscale_elastic_ip](./elastic_ip.md) instead.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `zone` (String) ❗ The Exoscale Zone name

### Optional

- `description` (String) A free-form text describing the Elastic IP (EIP).
- `healthcheck_interval` (Number) The healthcheck probing interval (seconds; must be between `5` and `300`).
- `healthcheck_mode` (String) ❗ The healthcheck probing mode (must be `tcp`, `http` or `https`).
- `healthcheck_path` (String) The healthcheck probe HTTP request path (must be specified in `http`/`https` modes).
- `healthcheck_port` (Number) The healthcheck service port to probe (must be between `1` and `65535`).
- `healthcheck_strikes_fail` (Number) The number of unsuccessful healthcheck probes before considering the target unhealthy (must be between `1` and `20`).
- `healthcheck_strikes_ok` (Number) The number of successful healthcheck probes before considering the target healthy (must be between `1` and `20`).
- `healthcheck_timeout` (Number) The time in seconds before considering a healthcheck probing failed (must be between `2` and `60`).
- `healthcheck_tls_skip_verify` (Boolean) Disable TLS certificate validation in `https` mode (boolean; default: `false`). Note: this parameter can only be changed to `true`, it cannot be reset to `false` later on (requires a resource re-creation).
- `healthcheck_tls_sni` (String) The healthcheck TLS server name to specify in `https` mode. Note: this parameter can only be changed to a non-empty value, it cannot be reset to its default empty value later on (requires a resource re-creation).
- `reverse_dns` (String) The EIP reverse DNS record (must end with a `.`; e.g: `my-eip.example.net.`).
- `tags` (Map of String) Map of tags (key/value). To remove all tags, set `tags = {}`.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `ip_address` (String) The Elastic IP (EIP) IPv4 address.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)

* The symbol ❗ in an attribute indicates that modifying it, will force the creation of a new resource.


